are you okay yeah I'm fine
and trying to get all oh we have a dark
blue line but that's all right he was
wondering if you wanna do go for a try
take the passenger seat to the sky and
you see me it was fine
the passenger seat
no Billy ocean breeze I'm about to get a
very very exciting package whoo awesome
I didn't sleep last night at all like
this this is my bed right now I was
editing to one and then I just had to
start cleaning this mess of an apartment
I know you're probably very sick of me
talking about that but when I moved to
New York I just brought all of my crap I
should have organized before I came so I
spent a lot of time last night going
through stress throwing stuff away and
I'm almost there with the apartment
so hopped up on caffeine right now also
you get no makeup Sarah and bun Sarah -
two days in a row it's I just feel like
we're family you know I just feel like
we're family I can just be myself around
you in all honesty it's like go time
it's like put in the work time I ain't
got no time to like look good put in the
work putting in the work also good news
it took me a while but everything works
beautifully on my laptop I ended up
wiping everything and it solves all my
problems
I live on the fifth floor I gave him a
good tip I did what a perfect size
thanks Jeannie
my mom bought me bought me this watching
them awkwardly bring up the couch up the
stairs right here that friends episode
one of my favorite episodes with Ross
and the pivot
got it
next order of business get rid of this
box oh my gosh you know this reminds me
any of you guys watch Spongebob the box
from Sponge Bob the imagination box
anyone no okay makes for a nice little
sofa just back to editing
all righty family to keep grindin going
to keep anything I know you're probably
very concerned with the bags underneath
my eyes I'm going to try to get some
sleep tonight because I'm actually
leaving on a plane tomorrow as well as
the first episode of creative spaces
team.you is launching so lots going on
you guys have a great day when does
episode of creative spaces TV hits it
would mean the world the world to me if
you shared it on your Facebook if you
shared it on twitter I'm going to be
retweeting I'm going to be liking things
I mean this is going to be so much fun
and I'm so excited for it and so yeah so
you guys tonight with creative spaces TV
episodes a peachy okay
I'm John Howard I'm a musician
producer also co-founder of a vague